Add install methods (#3)
LinusS1/Scrapple: README.md

This app registers with macOS to be run on login, and can be configured in `System Preferences > Users and Groups > Your User > Login Items`.

This app requires OS X Catalina or later to be run. _(And can't be run on Apple Silicon)_

## 🚀 Install

### 📦 Zip file

> 1. Download the zip file from the [releases page](https://github.com/Matt-Gleich/Scrapple/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the zip file from the [releases page](https://github.com/LinusS1/Scrapple/releases)
```
Use my release page 😄
